Don't worry.
Leopard won't come this way.
Are you sure?
It won't hurt you unless
it felt threatened.
The movie got over late.
I figured you might have slept.
Roy had told him to get back
as soon as it gets over.
Where is Roy uncle?
He has gone for some meeting.
Have breakfast with us, Sony!
We have already eaten.
Dad will be waiting to go
to the farm.
Sony, Have you got
any poetry books?
He has entered a poetry
recitation at school
When is it?
21st, next Tuesday.
We don't need a book.
I'll come this Saturday
and teach him.
Subin
Sony is leaving.
Subi
See you on Saturday.
Alright.
Heard that you've resumed old habits.
What habits?
Smoking and Drinking.
Who told you all this?
You don't have to convince me.
Then why do you ask?
My questions are the problem now?
Do you talk to Sony nowadays?
Any idea what's in his mind?
When I ask him anything
he turns mute.
That's because he
is afraid of you.
He talks properly to others.
We let him study for a
year as he wanted.
And when I ask him to look for
another job, he doesn't like it.
He used to run
a tuition center,right?
It was of no use.
If it's a salaried job,
he could be at ease.
I'll have a word with
the Vicar General
Give me a couple of months.
I'll figure out something by Easter.
If there is an expense,
we'll take care of it.
They will take it from his salary.
You stop drinking if you can.
Stop making an alcoholic out of me.
Dear Everyone,
Our dear son Ditto,
Is being welcomed by his
rightful brother-in-laws,
Next is the beautification ritual,
For which we invite the barber on stage.
All men above the age of seventeen,
Shall I beautify the groom?
Can't hear you!
All men above the age of seventeen,
Shall I beautify the groom?
Can't hear you!
I'm asking the men above
seventeen years
Shall I beautify the groom, Ditto?
Yes, you may!
"The season has come"
"On your children who roam"
"Protect them keenly"
"With your showers of mercy, St. Thomas"
"Silk and homespun fabrics"
"Pearl necklaces"
"On decorated marquee"
"Come help us, St Thomas"
"On decorated marquee,
come bless us"
"Wood, Stones, Gold, and Silver"
"Copper and Iron, ever filling the mind"
"Works to be done ever and more"
"In pride, the dear
ones would do it"
"In unity, the dears ones
in front of you"
"This way it goes"
What's happening?
It's the old lady's cow.
Where?
In the pit.
Here
Hold
Lift up
Though it's for the leopard,
an elephant can fit in here.
I think that its spine is fractured.
We'll pull it up somehow.
There's a rope at Pilla's house
We'll send someone.
Unni must have some
stuff with him.
I'll try calling him.
Pull it up!
Bring it here!
[Indistinct chatters]
Wait
Okay, let it loose.
Slowly release it now.
[Indistinct chatters]
Did you close down your
tuition centre?
Yeah, I did.
Stephy finds maths a bit difficult.
She can manage other subjects.
But math is not easy.
That can be taken care of.
If you can take two classes per week,
it will be good right?
Yeah, they'll be fine.
How much do you charge?
I don't set fees for my acquaintances.
You may set an amount yourself.
Shall we start next week?
Yeah,
I'll come by.
Leave it there, Aunty!
That's alright.
You won't be here every day.
I'll have to do it myself.
Let me do it.
Alright, then you
scoop this up.
I'll make a coffee.
Grandpa, do you feel cold?
As usual.
Saji uncle buys alcohol for
you, doesn't he?
Right!
Ask your father to bring some of his
home-brewed arrack.
As if that's so necessary now!
His Cholesterol and Uric acid
levels are high, already.
I'm not allowed to drink
Coffee either.
How can one live without
anything at all?
After a certain age,
This level of caution
is unnecessary.
Without eating or drinking
to one's content,
What is the use of
living a long life?
Kurian brought a bottle for me.
She has hidden it somewhere.
Easter is around the corner,
Drinking too much is not good
for your kidney or liver.
Hospital bills will cost a lot.
That's also true.
I have become old.
It is pointless to spend
money on me now.
Those who love you would like to
see you around for a little longer.
How innocent does he act with you!
Sometimes he's entirely different.
Gets too adamant.
The eldest son has got
the same genes.
As soon as I get out of sight,
He starts yelling 'Rani...Rani'.
Sometimes I feel bad for him.
He's like a child.
Who knows what we would
turn into as age hits us?
Your mother-in-law used to
be even more intense.
Jaya has told me about her.
Luckily she died before I came.
Look, I'm just blabbering away.
I know.
Papa doesn't bad mouth, at least!
His face reflects what's
in his mind.
Not really!
He complained to me that you
don't let him drink.
He asks me sometimes.
I'm very strict with him
in this matter.
Then he stops.
See if this is crispy enough,
Have you gone home recently?
It's been two months.
I'll ask Jaya or Celine.
To stay here for a day or
two so that I can go.
Mamma's legs are too weak.
Now Aneeta is home too.
She wants to do her
Masters at Bangalore.
Mamma is stressed about it.
I have an uncle,
He's the one who
stresses mamma out.
He says that the girls who go
to Bangalore turn into sluts.
When a decision is
being made at home,
Keep such idiots out of it.
It is easier said than done.
If Pappa was alive,
he would've let her study anywhere.
She cries saying the same.
We talked yesterday as well.
Pappa used to give
her a special care!
He hasn't beaten her even once.
Bangalore is not such
a problematic place.
That way, trouble can be
found anywhere.
I know a few people in Bangalore.
There was one Sister Maria
who did B.Ed with me.
I shall ask her.
If she's with Nuns,
Mamma would also be relieved.
It's okay.
We can take care of this.
Saji wouldn't proactively help
me with these things.
Saji uncle is an introvert, right?
Yeah,
He must be!
But, sometimes I feel bad for him.
You've got it wrong again, my dear.
You're inattentive.
Have you read the Wings of fire?
You haven't?
If we set our mind on it,
anything is possible!
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
Read carefully.
Try again.
Do you understand where
you're making mistakes?
No?
That's what I've been
telling you repeatedly.
Read carefully now.
You should read
the book I mentioned.
Okay?
It's said in that book,
'If you truly believe that we can,
anything is possible.'
Don't work mindlessly like a donkey.
What should we do?
Smart work is the key!
Focus,
Yeah, give it a try.
Wrong again!
"Hail Mary, full of grace. The Lord is with thee
Blessed art thou amongst women"
"And blessed is the fruit of thy womb"
"Jesus, Holy Mary,
Mother of God. Pray for us..."
"...sinners now and at the
hour of our death, Amen"
"Hail Mary, full of grace. The Lord is with thee.
Blessed art thou amongst women"
"and blessed is the fruit of thy womb"
"Jesus, Holy Mary,
Mother of God. Pray for us..."
"...sinners now and at the
hour of our death, Amen"
"Hail Mary, full of grace. The Lord is with thee
Blessed art thou amongst women"
"And blessed is the fruit of thy womb"
"Jesus, Holy Mary,
Mother of God. Pray for us..."
"...sinners now and at the
hour of our death, Amen"
"Hail Mary, full of grace. The Lord is with thee
Blessed art thou amongst women"
"And blessed is the fruit of thy womb"
Heard that the Leopard took a goat
from your neighborhood.
Raghavan Nair's chicken,
Brother Etha's calf,
Soon enough, it will start
attacking humans too.
What's the point of sulking so much?
After all, your daughter is back.
It's not like the old days.
Everybody make small mistakes.
Let's be glad that she's still intact.
Even if she is not,
There's one Doctor
Selvarajan in Theni,
He is the best to deal
with such matters.
I know him personally.
Tell me if you want to pay a visit.
Would he be here at this time?
The light is on!
George Vadakkeppurath died.
He drank poison.
His family wasn't home.
The body is taken for post-mortem.
Are they waiting for anyone?
His wife has a brother in Kuwait.
He can't come due to work.
There's no one else.
He's left behind two daughters.
People who saw him in the evening says
he was a bit drunk.
After Neethu's issue he was
a bit down mentally.
What about the funeral?
Can it be done in the cemetery?
Will the priest allow it?
There's a lot of space in the cemetery.
Why further petrify the family?
I'll talk to the priest.
We need to ask time.
Call them.
I will join there.
Okay.
'TV NEWS'
No one's home.
Everyone has left for the funeral.
Oh, I forgot about that.
"Where would I go from you?"
"Where would we hide lord?"
"Where could we run from you?"
"The sky is your abode"
"You fill the seas and land"
"You reside in hell's depth"
"Where would we hide then lord?"
"Lord you know me completely"
"The sins are great"
"Yet your mercy is greater"
"If you don't show your mercy"
"Humanity would perish like dust"
"Oh lord, don't give up on"
"Who took your flesh and blood"
"You created and placed
your hands on me"
"In the beginning, you gave life,"
"You created Man in your image,"
"We sinned against you,"
"Don't kill us with your wrath,"
"Lord shower your bliss"
"On us unfortunate beings"
"Princess from greatness"
"Like pigeons who are on
a sacrificial pedestal,"
"Stands the holy canon"
"A snake breaking
into the nest,"
"Comes for the pigeons"
"Oh lord, don't give up on"
"The canon who took
your holy blood"
We're planning to build
three more like this.
Then, a campfire area!
One barbecue.
That would attract youngsters
and families alike.
I don't drink alcohol.
Since when?
I don't drink at all.
Because it is rum?
No!
Anyway, I'm going to have a few drinks.
No use of worrying later
Sure you won't want one?
You go ahead, Roy uncle.
Have you noticed any change in Subin
these days?
Maybe it's his age.
And it's not the old times anymore.
All this TV and cinema are getting
into his head.
His teacher had rung me.
Apparently he said something vulgar
to a girl at school.
That too,
To a girl older to him!
We often think that our children are
incapable of things like this.
What did he say?
He won't tell me.
Probably he's afraid.
The teacher said that it's really bad.
They exaggerate these things.
When you get time, talk to him.
Sure.
He'd open up to you.
I'll do that.
One more game?
I've to go meet Tony.
Why are you meeting him every day?
When will brother Sony come?
He will be late.
Where did he go?
Some youth league meeting.
Mamma, I'm going to Tony's.
Subin would be alone here.
I'll come back soon.
Do you want any books?
Anything I haven't read?
Come and take a look.
When will brother Sony come?
He'll come late at night.
Last time he came home,
He promised to stay back, but left soon.
He's always busy with
something or the other.
Are you hungry?
Shall I get you something to eat?
No, I'm good.
The idiot deceived her.
He has another wife and child.
Really? I didn't know that.
Neethu's mother has a brother
in Nedumkandam.
Yeah, the politician.
When she smelled trouble, she called him.
His men beat him up so bad.
So what? Bygones are bygones.
It is easy for the ones who are gone.
The ones left behind suffer.
It was unbearable to see their
plight during the funeral.
The people staring and all...
They'll be saying things at their back.
Their living conditions are
also pretty pathetic,
Not even a proper road to get to the house!
How about this?
What if we arrange our Friday
evening program next week there?
A decent road is a basic need!
Right?
Yeah.
I'm ready.
Joby?
You ready?
Is it Saturday?
I'm not free on Friday.
If it's Saturday, I'll come.
What about you?
Yeah, Saturday works.
Listen.
People say that you saw a Leopard.
The Leopard must have fled seeing him.
Tell us what happened.
Oh, it's nothing.
I was with our Tony,
Both of us were going on his bike,
After the late night show.
Which movie?
Is that important here?
Continue with your story.
Nothing Really!
We were at the slope near Munkippallam.
That's when,
Both of us saw it.
It was standing in the middle of the road.
Looked like a painting.
We couldn't turn around.
What if it attacks us?
Worse still, the way back is a climb.
We dimmed our light and waited.
For 10-15 mins it stood there still.
After a while it slowly withdrew.
We waited for another 15 minutes.
It's not like the hearsays.
When you see one for real
it's an incredible watch.
Brother Sony,
Can I ask you something?
Are you angry with me for something?
You didn't come home like you promised,
You are not friendly like you used to be.
I have not changed, Subin!
It's you who has changed.
Jaya Aunty and Roy Uncle
told me everything.
Even those lower-class brats won't
do what you've done.
No one in our family
has done such things.
But I didn't do anything.
You didn't?
But you did say something!
What did you say?
You know it wasn't right thing to say.
What if that girl hurt herself,
After listening to your words?
God!
I turned numb after hearing about it.
If it were someone else,
I wouldn't have cared,
But you...
I considered you more of a
brother than even Noby.
You know how Roy uncle is,
He was planning to send you to
a boarding school.
I had to interfere to change his decision.
At boarding school,
Life would have been hell
with those priests.
Everyone makes mistakes, Subin.
If you had an interest in her,
Why would you do all these?
If you had just told me,
I would've talked to her family and arranged
for your marriage in the future.
Now leave all that.
And focus on your studies.
Don't disappoint pappa and mamma.
You know that Roy uncle has heart issues,
Don't add to his stress.
They never turn up for any
program at the church,
When I asked them, they didn't
even have an answer.
Uncle,
- Please sit.
- No
It is ok.
Praise be to Jesus Christ.
That's a great thing.
It is not about the road alone.
They will feel good that there
are people by their side,
We were thinking on the same lines.
Our people are not saints either,
They spread gossips like anything.
It's a precarious situation.
Let me figure out something.
What did Neethu study?
B.com
Will she look after the account
section at the milk society?
Yeah, sure.
She is a capable girl.
She won't run away now as she
has learned a lesson now.
You're right, Father.
That would be a wonderful decision.
I'll mention it to Ousepachan sir.
Okay.
I had another good news.
My appointment letter came from
the Corporate Management.
I have to join next month.
That's not small news!
When is the party?
When you prefer it.
I am just kidding.
When are you joining?
Next month, at St.Mary's.
That's nearby.
Travel distance only
So, congratulations.
- All the best.
- Thank you.
We'll not take more of your time.
Subin?
Help me peel this tapioca.
Are you deaf?
Subin?
Subi!
Subi?
Subin!
Did you see him?
Has he gone to Cumbum by any chance?
Subin?
Just check if there's any shoe in the water
No, brother. Nothing here.
Subin?
Not here.
Hey kid!
What are you doing here?
(TV News)
Who are we waiting for?
Annie Aunty stopped at
a friend's on the way.
Sony said it will take
another 10 mins.
Sony said this?
Then expect them after an hour or so.
For him, an hour means 10 minutes.
What are you doing?
She just won't listen.
You sit there.
Whose turn?
Mine.
Don't look.
Subi, this is for you.
Manu
Jaya
Do you wear stuff like these?
This is for you Pappa.
Keep this in the storeroom.
We'll take it for Easter.
Brother's bottle is in the next box.
What are you two doing here?
I came to check if there's some wine left.
'Truly, truly, I say to you,'
'A servant is not greater than his master'
'Nor who is sent greater
than he who sent him'
'If you know these things, blessed
are you if you do them'
'I am not speaking of you all'
'I know whom I have chosen'
'It is that the scripture may be fulfilled'
''He who ate my bread has
lifted his heel against me''
'I tell you this now,
before it takes place'
'When it does take place, you
may believe that I am he'
'Truly, truly, I say to you, he who receives
any one whom I send receives me;'
'And he who receives me
receives him who sent me'
'Our Father, who art in heaven
hallowed be thy name'
'Thy kingdom come thy will be
done on earth as it is in heaven'
'Give us this day our daily
bread and forgive us'
'Our trespasses as we forgive those
who trespass against us'
'And lead us not into temptation,
but deliver us from evil. Amen'
'Hail Mary, full of grace.
The Lord is with thee'
'Blessed art thou amongst women'
'And blessed is the fruit
of thy womb, Jesus'
'Jesus, Holy Mary, Mother of God'
'Pray for us sinners now and
at the hour of our death, Amen'
'Glory be to the Father, the Son,
and the Holy Spirit'
'As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever
shall be, world without end. Amen'
Ain't you coming in?
Saji has bought three
types of meat and all.
Then go a little late,
Let him start on his own.
He helps me out, usually.
It's a new habit then.
They used to show up
only before the meal.
That won't work with me.
To be honest, my back hurts a lot.
But I wanted to talk with you,
Which is why I didn't go in with them.
Tell me.
Don't tell anyone about
this no matter what!
Why would I tell anyone?
You know me well, Rani.
Sister, do you find anything
fishy about Sony?
Sony?
He exaggerates things sometimes.
Why?
I don't know how to say this.
Yesterday,
When I went to storeroom to
keep Pappa's bottle,
I saw Aleena and Sony come out
of the room in a hurry.
Maybe I'm imagining things,
Which is why I thought of
asking you about it.
Have you noticed how Sony
is with the children?
Sony is a bit over friendly with children
Did you just see them
come out of the room?
Everyone else was in the living room.
'And, Celine was looking for
Aleena earlier.'
'I tried talking to Aleena'
'About why they were alone in the room.'
She turned pale after seeing me!
Did Sony say anything?
He said he was looking for wine bottles.
Oh!
No wonder Aleena was scared.
Celine is very strict about such things.
I don't think that's all about it, sister,
Aleena seemed stressed.
When we are pregnant
We feel overprotective about children!
When I was pregnant with Subin,
Every time I heard some news on TV
I used to cry.
Rani, did you discuss this
with anyone else?
No.
I've known Sony for a long time.
He has struggled a lot in life.
His home wasn't a great
place to grow up in.
Things are getting better for him only now.
Rani, don't tell anyone about this.
People are always waiting for some gossip.
Mom has been calling out for you.
Dad saw me going out.
You know,
We're planning to build a road to
the late George's house.
Can you make it?
When?
Day after tomorrow evening.
Let me see.
The boys asked for you last week.
Quiet please.
You'll scare the fish away.
Did you take Rs 500 from mom for driving?
Mom told me.
Who's teaching you?
Tony.
Why go to them
when there's a bike here?
I'm free today.
We can go to the ground in the evening.
I've already requested Tony.
He will come by evening.
Then take my bike with you.
No, I'm fine.
I'll have to pay for petrol, anyway.
I have filled the tank.
It's okay, Sony.
I told you Tony will teach me.
Are you tired?
Not at all.
We're used to this.
Let's have tea.
Has Neenu gone back to the hostel?
Yeah.
Here, take it.
How is your mom now?
She puts on a smile when you're around.
But she's crying all day.
She's not eating or sleeping.
They've been together for years.
Must be a huge shock for her.
Children can adjust better.
I'm not undervaluing your grief.
You have no choice, right?
But in a marriage,
They hope to be together till the end.
That's true.
She looks at the photo album,
at least thrice a day, and cry.
Have you decided anything
for the committal?
No.
I am in a haze always.
Absent minded most of the time.
There are 10-15 days left.
We'll get it done neatly.
Do you have any money with you Neethu?
Money? I can ask Uncle.
No, It's ok.
Don't bother him for everything.
We will arrange it ourselves.
Even relatives get tired after a while.
Thank you Sony, I don't know
how to thank you.
It's okay.
We try to help our people in need.
Nothing special.
That's it.
Leave it.
Take it.
I shall
Well done, good play.
Superb
Tony
Come here.
What is it, Sony?
Were you away, Tony?
Haven't seen you in a while.
- I was here only.
- Yeah?
Yeah.
I haven't seen you in our
church programs lately.
I was wondering where you have been?
I had a chat with your father.
What are your plans now?
Father must be-
I was thinking,
I have 2-3 friends in Ernakulam,
We're thinking of building a start up,
Let that happen on the side
Write PSC Examination.
People are dying to land
on an LD clerk job,
If you prepare well,
And get an LD clerk's job,
Within 10 years,
How old are you?
I'm twenty-
By the age of 30
You will be gazetted officer.
I'm not joking.
But you should try.
Okay?
I will write it, Sony.
I was looking for some work anyway.
I'll give it a shot.
Very good.
Take this serious.
Prepare well.
I have some study material with me.
I will give them to you.
Yeah
It's possible.
I will give it a try.
- Trust me.
- Yes, I'll write.
What's his name?
Afzal
He's her classmate.
He says that he can't live without her.
She's also on the same track now.
Neenu doesn't know how serious this is.
Try talking to her.
If it doesn't work,
I'll ask the priest to have
a chat with her.
Okay.
But, she isn't ready to talk about it.
Should we go there?
To Bangalore?
Yeah?
Are you crazy?
If I say something she'll ask,
What right do I have to advise her?
In a way she's right.
See, everyone makes mistakes.
What matters is understanding
and overcoming them.
What else?
Live in guilt forever?
You have a big heart, Sony.
This one?
No, the one below
- This?
- Yeah
That's it?
That's it.
Now recite this on your own.
Get up
Let's finish this tonight itself.
If you set your mind on it, it's possible.
'Let me take rest here for a while'
Subin!
Mamma will scold you.
We can skip some lines if you want.
Okay?
What a beautiful poem!
We must really feel it while reciting,
Or it won't work.
How can I feel
Like a 50 year old poet?
Are you big enough to teach him?
Learn the poem first.
The elders should feel
responsible at least.
It won't go well if I talk to him.
Don't give excuses.
If you tell him, he will listen.
She's from a good, pious family.
They are farmers.
Which is good for us.
There's no excessive money or pride.
Who is interested in money and pride?
The girl must be a good one.
She should be able to do things sensibly.
First, let's see if he's interested.
He'll like her if he doesn't
have many demands.
Curly hair it seems!
She's doing Bsc nursing, third year.
She studies well.
She can go abroad after the studies.
They are very loyal to the parish.
Very good girl.
What about the her brother?
He's in high school.
We waited to get him married,
for him to secure a job first.
He's got a job now.
Yeah!
We'll go.
Let's see.
'In the name of the Father,
the Son, and the Holy Spirit'
'Amen'
'God, our creator and redeemer'
'May your blessings reside in our minds'
'May your kindness wash away our sins'
'May you grant eternal life to'
'Our brother who died in
the hope of Resurrection'
'Oh lord of life and death'
'Lord who are the father,
the son, and the holy spirit'
'Amen'
'Lord who purifies the sinners,'
'Who resurrects the dead,'
'Who grants the fruit for our labors'
'May you forgive our brother's sins'
'Oh lord of life and death'
'Lord who are the father,
the son, and the holy spirit'
'Amen'
'Born as a mortal into this world'
'Death is the end'
'Most sacred will of Lord, it is'
'None can escape'
'Born as a mortal into this world'
'Death is the end'
'Most sacred will of Lord, it is'
'None can escape'
'From the father, death
will separate the son'
'On an unfortunate day'
'The son will be separated from his mother'
'Born as a mortal into this world'
'Death is the end'
'Most sacred will of Lord, it is'
'None can escape'
'Hands won't move, Lips won't move ever'
'Eyes will darken, Ears will shut'
'Dark shadow ascends'
'Born as a mortal into this world'
'Death is the end'
'Most sacred will of Lord, it is'
'None can escape'
Father, did the Sacristan
say anything to you?
Can you do something about it?
Sony, come, sit.
Please move over.
I wanted to ask you something
for a while now.
If you're free on Sundays
Please don't ask me to teach catechism.
Nothing like that
I was looking for someone to teach
catechism at high school level.
We need you!
Would have been easier
if it was a lower grade.
That's possible.
A lower grade!
We can manage.
I'll be back, Aunty!
When did you come, Aunty?
It's been a while.
I was waiting for you.
I went with the priest for a house prayer.
I couldn't meet him this time!
I'll go to the church tomorrow.
Why don't you stay here today?
I can drop you there tomorrow.
It's okay, I'll sleep at the convent.
Who is the Mother Superior now?
The former principal
Sister Catherine?
Oh yes.
Sony, Can you drop me there?
Of course
Give me 2 minutes
I will get the car.
Sony, aunty was waiting to
talk to you in person.
There's a retreat center in Peermade.
I was there during Easter last year.
The priest's prayer is so full of grace.
He can read even our deepest
struggles and secrets.
Next month
They are starting a special
retreat for the youth.
It's a batch of three days.
It will be a great experience.
I attended our parish retreat.
A retreat an year is sufficient, right?
No, this is different.
From my experiences and prayers,
I know certain things by intuition.
God is watching every deed of ours,
And he is judging us.
Sony must know this better than I do
Everybody make mistakes.
But if you sincerely repent,
And pray, the lord forgives.
You have had your share of silliness.
Now that's enough.
You're entering a new phase in your life
You should get married to a good girl too.
Father Rafael will pray for you.
So many sick and trouble people get healed,
...there everyday, even the incurable ones.
And the counseling!
It is done so thoroughly!
I will go, Aunty.
I'll contact the Father then
Yeah!
It will be a great experience.
You'll lose nothing by dedicating
those three days!
Coffee!
Yeah keep it there.
I will come.
Sister?
Anything serious?
No, he's normal.
Seems you have got a new TV?
Saji got it to watch he world cup.
There's some banana left
Shall I quickly make some banana fritters?
No.
Sit down.
This is some tonic for you.
These are for Pappa.
You know them, right?
Yeah
I've been in the service for 26 years.
We started the institution
with 14 children.
Now, we have 126 children.
I have faced a lot of troubles
during these years
Sometimes what we see and experience
Can be totally against our
understanding of the world.
Then you lay your burden to God and go on.
Was there any reward for all that?
Yes. And not just for me,
But for our entire family as well.
What I am getting at is
A Family
Is not made of a father, mother,
husband and children alone.
It includes many others as well.
I heard that you raised
an allegation against Sony.
Oh no, sister,
I just discussed it with Jaya
I didn't mean anything wrong.
That's what I am talking about.
Jaya didn't want to talk about it at all.
She was under a lot of stress after
hearing what you said.
When you make such statements,
Without enough conviction and clarity,
You should consider the people
who will be affected by it.
Especially if you're a woman.
When you behave irresponsibly,
You will suffer the consequences.
Sony is like a son to everyone.
I've never heard anyone say
Anything bad about him.
Did you think about Celine?
What she'd feel after hearing such things
about her daughter?
You also have a baby growing inside of you.
Our children might not grow up
according to our expectations
When mummy was alive
She never missed chanting
the rosary every evening.
It is all gone now.
All sinful and evil thoughts could
be curbed with prayers.
Stop watching all these prime-time
television series.
That would help you to retrieve ground.
Give this to Saji.
I'm taking Rs 500.
You met the marriage-broker, right?
Didn't you?
That won't work out.
I know that you're riding
around with that chick.
If you dream of marrying her,
it won't happen.
Now if you're convinced to
ruin our family's name,
You can step out first
and do whatever.
I'm gonna say this bluntly
This relationship is not going to work
out for either families.
After she has roamed around having fun.
Don't blame my boy later.
I'll be honest.
We're not interested in this relationship.
We are not going to trouble you in any way.
So don't trouble us either.
It's been a month since I confessed,
I fight with my father over
the slightest things,
At times I could not forgive,
Often, I stressed on my self-importance,
I skipped the holy mass
pretending I was busy,
I acted without kindness towards
people who are inferior to me,
Father, forgive me for my sins.
Never skip the holy mass,
It's a great sin.
Jesus taught us patience and forgiveness.
We should practice it in our lives.
Treat others kindly and forgive them.
As repentance, say
Our father who art in heaven,
Hail Mary and Glory be to the father
With the power that is vested in me
In the name of the Father,
the Son and the Holy Spirit,
Your sins are absolved.
I haven't slept properly for a long time!
Why did you do this to me, Sony?
Now, I'm the culprit?
Yeah, I'm the man here so
I must be at fault.
We have turned into strangers!
If you were so afraid of your family,
Why did you give me hope, Sony?
Why should I be brave, Neethu?
So that my family would kill themselves?
I didn't mean it that way, Neethu!
Sorry.
You didn't say anything untrue.
Any sane man would go mad
living in that house.
You don't understand!
Sister Aunty would support us, you said.
Sister Aunty signed me in for a retreat
after witnessing my plight!
You are going through
all this because of me.
I just feel numb towards everything.
I don't understand
what's happening.
I had a lot of optimism in life!
Everything is gone in a second.
Sony
Sony, I'm sorry
Really!
The one who said,
I don't want this father...
I just want my friends...
I just want my immoral pleasures...
I just want my alcohol and drugs...
I just want my blind gratifications...
Eventually realizes!
When he was alone
without a single penny,
When the entire world and
his friends deserted him,
He thinks in his solitude,
What if my father was here?
I've done great wrong to my father.
Will he accept me if I go back?
Won't he throw me out?
His soul told him,
'You idiot'
What do you know about a father's love?
Hallelujah!
Praise the Lord!
The book of Jeremiah,
Chapter 29:11 says that
'For I know the plans I have for you,'
'Plans to prosper you
and not to harm you'
Hallelujah!
Praise the lord!
'Plans to prosper you
and not to harm you'
Everyone get up.
Hold your hands up.
Towards the abode of Jesus,
We can worship the Lord,
Hallelujah!!
Jesus...we praise You!
Jesus...we thank You!
Hallelujah!!
Wave your hands.
"Jesus my Lord"
'Clap your hands and worship the Lord!'
Hallelujah!
Close your eyes!
Can you hear Jesus calling you?
My dear Sony
Why are you getting afraid?
Did you think your Jesus
didn't notice all this?
Do you understand now?
Jesus was waiting for you all this time?
Do you?
Now
You must talk to that heavenly father.
Confess to Him
And by evening's holy mass,
You will receive Him in your heart.
Not like how you used to
receive Him before.
But wholly and full heartedly,
Brimming in Jesus alone.
The body's thirst grow
When the soul projects its thirst.
If you are one with Jesus,
Evil thoughts and behaviours
wouldn't occur to you.
Hallelujah
My child
Sony
Aunty sees the great changes...
About to happen in your life.
Your anger and arrogance with
your earthly father
Will be solved with the help of God.
Okay?
Jesus will teach you to forgive.
You need to forgive to be forgiven.
Okay?
And also
Someone you've never met...
Will be your partner with
the help of Jesus.
Jesus will do the needful.
Everything you wanted in life...
Including foreign trips,
will manifest for you.
Okay?
Jesus
Jesus, I praise you!
My beloved teaching staff
My dear children
I wish to share a few things with you.
As you might have noticed
We got a new teacher here today.
In place of our dearest Jolly teacher,
We have Sony Sir now onwards.
Let us welcome Sony Sir
to our school family...
With wholehearted applause.
'Salutations to you, O God of goodness'
'Salutations to you, O God
who is the form of love'
'Let intelligence, purity and
purity of character arise'
'Give me devotion and wisdom,
O Merciful God'
'Salutations to you, O God of goodness'
'Salutations to you, O God who
is the form of love'